it is so important for their stories to
be told something their stories some of
them are not very pretty but it's not a
matter of trying to put a pretty face on
a real experience what we're doing today
is we're preserving something that
people can come 10 years 20 years 50
years a hundred years and say gee that
guy sat down in front of that wall and
got interviewed 100 years ago and this
is what he had to say
we have one of the largest veteran
populations in the country living in
Florida and many of them are in Central
Florida with the veterans history
project what we're doing is students are
going out and they're talking they're
learning how to interview veterans and
then those stories will be digitized and
available through our website we're
creating an archive a digital archive of
the stories we collect that have to do
with Central Florida and in that case
what we're doing is we're planning to
give a subset of that collection to the
library of congress that's why this
project is so important we are hearing
directly from those individuals who have
been involved we got to Japan on the
twenty-third as a member of 1945 we were
first american troops in nagasaki the
city of nagasaki was not just bombed out
it was polarized when we pull up there
they would surrender all the weapons
they stack them up for us and the
officer could come and surrender her
service sabres to us very orderly the
civilians were kind of sad those poor
children and the women in the end the
old men we're the ones who really
suffered the war I don't talk about the
war stories I'll never tell you about
the horror it there's no way I mean
there's no reason to do that in my mind
I will tell you it was hot it was wet it
was nasty
the movies will always say that war is
great and you know guys always win the
good guys don't always win
we went to Ethiopia they were fighting a
civil war we were there an American ship
we will bring in grain there were nine
Russian ships unloading tanks and
ammunition everybody was you know
suffering from malnutrition the chief
steward he's the guy that supplies all
the food and everything like that he had
a Vegas to stop because we were we were
taking everything we could that we could
carry and bring it ashore and giving it
the kids you know giving them food
you
it means a lot to me as a veteran
because sometimes people will serve and
they are never thanked and it's real
important for us as individuals and as
communities not to forget that
if you're a veteran and would like to
share your story with the ucf community
veterans history project call for 0782
30 to 42 or register online at our
website